hey guys let's go here and welcome to
episode free of trading tannoy as you
can see from last episode all of those
Everton bad just did sell on there was
another like fur you another but I
needed to remove them from my transfer
list just to try and pick up some more
deals you can see here I'm picking up
some CM to CDM cards picking him up for
1.5 k I was just testing to see what
they were going for and turns it like
why could pick them up for and I was
picking them up for about 1.5 selling
them for 1.6 which isn't much of a
profit but I did pick some up for 1.4 k
so I made some small profits there you
see I trying to search it just try and
do a bit of mass bidding on them but I
ended that does getting prettier outbid
little most of the cards I think I did
pick up one or two which was pretty nice
but this episode won't be including any
live training if you guys wanted that I
think I'll probably just do like every
upper Epis every other episode of
something but this episode I felt like
doing a overlay commentary so I pick up
a hunter card for full by freak a cell
on 44.6 and this Schneider free point
free normal card and I got a Schneider
with a hunt which is another 4k so he
should be going for about 7.9 k I picked
him up for 6.5 and I'm going to try and
sell him for 9k which is a good 2k
profit on that card you can see the next
cheapest on the market San 8.2 is just
got listed which I can hopefully pick up
later on in the episode and you see once
i get out bidded on this cali home the
hunter console I gabon lil miss
callahorn now and I going to pick up the
Schneider 48.2 k I was just checking us
by now again and the market cleats down
/ Marchman where the hunter woods I
wasn't really sure what happened there
but i'd go back putting schneider look
at the center for woods and they go in
for about 34 k and the hunter Cogsworth
about 4.5 so this should be worth for
good like 9 k plus i try and sell on for
9.5 k and as you can see now i pick up a
silver more in for 1k his minimum brian
has 1.5 k and i can sell that on home by
five he'll sell
really easily and my chance for list I
room and a bit on the Schneider so for
4.6 k by somehow i missed i'm not too
sure how but you see both of our
Schneider's sold on that marathon and
the contract bid so thank you guys for
watching Jabbar likely you have enjoyed
having light rednecks episode and i'll
see you guys on the next video